The IRC FRAUD ALERT (IFA) Team is a group of volunteers dedicated to
identifying, monitoring and exposing IRC frauds, who attempt to engage
in fraudulent activity online. It could be financial fraud or a steady
stream of constant lies that need addressing online after all means of
trying to expose this fraud have failed, such as a liar moderating
comments on their blog and deleting comments that expose their lie.
The IFA Team will publish their findings on blogs, mailing lists,
popular websites, forums, and on IRC networks to expose a particular
person trying to scam the IRC community as a whole for whatever
selfish reasons, like the childish craving of attention.

As an IRC community, we should shun these people, distance ourselves
from them as much as possible or possibly ban them from IRC networks,
repost the IFA Team findings, so everyone is safe. We do not have a
police authority in the community but I think "public service
announcements" like these should be the closest thing to authority we
should have on IRC networks. Take our findings seriously, discuss them
with others and spread the message. We cannot help the community as a
whole if nobody decides to repost our findings, submit them to
websites/blogs/forums, and lets our research die under the constant
amount of information on the Internet.


IFA Team:

Our team strictly consists of volunteers that use their spare time to
help make the Internet, especially IRC, a better and enjoyable place
by exposing the scammers and hypocrites of IRC.
